README.md, before:

# Panattha Chumklang - Data Analysis Portfolio
Hi, I'm Taew I like data analytics and the use of various technologies to be fascinating. I started my independent studies as a result to carry on with my data analytics work.
This is a repository to showcase skills, share projects and track my progress in Data Analytics / Data Science related topics.

## Table of contents
- [Portfolio Projects](#portfolio-projects)
- [Certificates](#certificates)

## Portfolio Projects
In this section I will list data analytics projects briefly describing the technology stack used to solve cases.

### My songs listened on Spotify
- **Description:** Created an analytical dashboard to Looking on the songs I listened in Spotify on 2022.
- **Skills:** Designing analytical dashboard.
- **Tools:** Tableau and Excel.
- **Dashboard:** [My song listened on Spotify](https://public.tableau.com/views/MYSONGLISTENINGDASHBOADON2022/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

### Sales analysis
- **Description:** Explore a sales dataset and generate various analytics and insights from customer' past purchase behavior
- **Skills:** designing analytical dashboard
- **Tools:** SQL (Aggregate function, Sub Query, CTEs, SQL XML path function) and Tableau
- **Dashboard:** [Sales analysis](https://public.tableau.com/views/SalesDashboard_16645096234750/SelesDashboad?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link) 

### Netflix visualization EDA
- **Description:** Analysis on Netflix movies, TV show and reviews
- **Skills:** Exploratory data analysis, Data cleaning
- **Tools:** Pyhton (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlip, Plotly) and Tableau
- **Code:** [netflix_visaulization_eda](project_file/netflix_visaulization_eda.ipynb)
- **Dashboard:** [Netflix visualzation EDA](https://public.tableau.com/views/NETFLIXMOVIESANDTVSHOWON1920-2020DASHBOARD/NetflixDash?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

### Tableau visualization
- [My Tableau Public account](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/panattha.chumklang)

## Certificates
I believe that the best way to showcase skills is by doing and sharing your job done but sometimes certificates appear to be as an indirect result:) So here is a list of the ones I have.
- [Google Data Analytics](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/UAJ25NW8M3P5) (Nov 2022) (Coursera)
- [Python-Programming-Basic](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1O46hqbuil7fSvo93yfb-rhRG4JSHBwd1/view?usp=share_link) (Nov 2022) (HACKaTHAILAND)
- [Introduction to SQL](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14wufEG1gil0ZzoJL6RjT9CuHSNZP5U_2/view?usp=share_link) (Oct 2022) (DataCamp)
- [Citical Thinking for Besiness](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TK8j5x_fOKWIgsCfpPC3q2YBBQYw7Mk9/view?usp=sharing) (Jul 2022) (CHULA MOOC)
- [Data+AI for Marketing Communication in the Next Era](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n7pQri23AUILXCg22qsNLdd3aCOBNzX_/view?usp=sharing) (Nov 2021) (CIC)
- [Understanding Data Engineering](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12HUmC-MIS734aaax039_YvDZkM14YoW-/view?usp=sharing) (May 2020) (DataCamp)

Commit message:

+ EDA on Video Games Sales data and Certificate

README.md, after:

# Panattha Chumklang - Data Analysis Portfolio
Hi, I'm Taew I like data analytics and the use of various technologies to be fascinating. I started my independent studies as a result to carry on with my data analytics work.
This is a repository to showcase skills, share projects and track my progress in Data Analytics / Data Science related topics.

## Table of contents
- [Portfolio Projects](#portfolio-projects)
- [Certificates](#certificates)

## Portfolio Projects
In this section I will list data analytics projects briefly describing the technology stack used to solve cases.

### EDA on Video Games Sales data
- **Description:** Analysis on Video Games Sales and Visaulization in Python
- **Skills:** Exploratory data analysis, Visaulization
- **Tools:** Pyhton (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlip, Plotly)
- **Code:** [eda-on-video-games-sales-data](project_file/eda-on-video-games-sales-data.xpynb)

### My songs listened on Spotify
- **Description:** Created an analytical dashboard to Looking on the songs I listened in Spotify on 2022.
- **Skills:** Designing analytical dashboard.
- **Tools:** Tableau and Excel.
- **Dashboard:** [My song listened on Spotify](https://public.tableau.com/views/MYSONGLISTENINGDASHBOADON2022/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

### Sales analysis
- **Description:** Explore a sales dataset and generate various analytics and insights from customer' past purchase behavior
- **Skills:** designing analytical dashboard
- **Tools:** SQL (Aggregate function, Sub Query, CTEs, SQL XML path function) and Tableau
- **Dashboard:** [Sales analysis](https://public.tableau.com/views/SalesDashboard_16645096234750/SelesDashboad?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link) 

### Netflix visualization EDA
- **Description:** Analysis on Netflix movies, TV show and reviews
- **Skills:** Exploratory data analysis, Data cleaning
- **Tools:** Pyhton (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlip, Plotly) and Tableau
- **Code:** [netflix_visaulization_eda](project_file/netflix_visaulization_eda.ipynb)
- **Dashboard:** [Netflix visualzation EDA](https://public.tableau.com/views/NETFLIXMOVIESANDTVSHOWON1920-2020DASHBOARD/NetflixDash?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)

### Tableau visualization
- [My Tableau Public account](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/panattha.chumklang)

## Certificates
I believe that the best way to showcase skills is by doing and sharing my knowledge but sometimes certificates appear to be as an indirect result, So here is a list of the ones I have.
- [Google Cloud Platform Bid Data and Machine Learning Funamentals](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JJImsw296pLyXIM85tvLJkGo02oOwGJ5/view?usp=sharing) (Nov 2022) (TRAINOCATE)
- [Google Data Analytics](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/UAJ25NW8M3P5) (Nov 2022) (Coursera)
- [Python-Programming-Basic](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1O46hqbuil7fSvo93yfb-rhRG4JSHBwd1/view?usp=share_link) (Nov 2022) (HACKaTHAILAND)
- [Introduction to SQL](https://drive.google.com/file/d/14wufEG1gil0ZzoJL6RjT9CuHSNZP5U_2/view?usp=share_link) (Oct 2022) (DataCamp)
- [Citical Thinking for Besiness](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TK8j5x_fOKWIgsCfpPC3q2YBBQYw7Mk9/view?usp=sharing) (Jul 2022) (CHULA MOOC)
- [Data+AI for Marketing Communication in the Next Era](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n7pQri23AUILXCg22qsNLdd3aCOBNzX_/view?usp=sharing) (Nov 2021) (CIC)
- [Understanding Data Engineering](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12HUmC-MIS734aaax039_YvDZkM14YoW-/view?usp=sharing) (May 2020) (DataCamp)
